Front end
  Ionic Framework
    The application is packaged as an Ionic 1 project, allowing for it to be cross-browser and device compliant.
    Ionic is a free and open source software and has many useful options allowing us to create a user friendly GUI and then emulate it on all three of our targeted devices: internet browser, Android and IOS.
    We have originally planned to use Ionic 2 but after some issues decided to use the more tested first version.
    The other resources described in this section are mainly connected to this central framework.
    The combination of this native framework combined with the out of the box functionality allows for the design of superb, user friendly interfaces which provide a smooth experience for any user.
    The developer does not need to work with css to make the application look and feel comfortable.
    Additional features such like the Ionic View application help to test it by allowing you to push your application to the cloud then download it straight to the mobile device where it can be tested.
    Ionic 1 is also closely tied to AngularJS which is one of the other frameworks we have decided to use.

    AngularJS Framework
      AngularJS is used to control the behaviour of the web pages from the creation of the app all the way to the controllers and routes.
      It is a structural framework used to create dynamic web applications. Co-operating closely with Ionic and HTML templates,
      it manages the behaviour of our application and it's web pages utilising data binding techniques and dependency injections, eliminating
      a large amount of code necessary for the application to be created.
      Through the application of the MVC (Model-View-Controller) pattern it decouples the application by generating the application on the client side,
      then allowing the controller to manage the interaction between the HTML and the data model.


    HTML5 language
      HTML is used by the Ionic framework and co-operates closely with Angular. It allows for the creation of native web pages that can be displayed on many devices.
      Allowing for many different options such as templating, local data storage and video/audio support it is definitely a language beneficial to the creation of this application.

    Auth0 Framework
      While oAuth is the industry-standard protocol for authorization we have decided to implement the Auth0 framework as our authentication option. The service which is used as a free Heroku add on
      provides a database for your user login data while also allowing legacy databases to be used. It implements the JSON web token technology that can be used to connect with any API's you are using for added security.
      The framework provides reletively easy to implement seed projects which


Middleware
  NodeJS language
    The main advantage of NodeJS over other similiar languages for web scripting is its asynchronous
    nature, making it faster and much more scalable even with a large amount of request. An API built with this
    language will allow for a request to be executed
  asynchronous - scalable
   From our research Ionic cannot be connected directly to MongoDB and most people use SQL databases as their data layer.<br> We have decided to create a dedicated REST API server hosted on Heroku which can take in requests to the database through HTTP.


Back end
  Database
    MongoDB database
      This database has also been provisioned from Heroku, it stores user info and account data. It can be reached through the REST API we created.


  Hosting
    Heroku hosting
      Heroku hosts our REST API server and provisions and connects the Auth0 and MongoDB. It is connected to our REST API branch of the project, building and hosting the newest version whenever we push to the GIT repository.
    Auth0 hosting
      Auth0 provides its own database for the user login data as well as providing a interface for database modification.
    MongoDB hosting
      MongoDB provides its own limited (50 MB) sandbox server space for us to store our data on.


  Additional Resources
   Google Maps API
    Our app features a 'Location' page which utilises the Google Maps API on which we have marked the location of our bank.
